# Bash-Scripts

In this repository, I will post sample Bash scripts I have written for automating certain tasks I encounter on a regular basis when working on my school projects or coding on my own. Keep in mind that each project is always work in progress, since I am constantly trying to improve each script's functionality as I learn new tips and tricks along the way :)

So far, here are the scripts I have written:
* cs246update: For the CS246 course, we are given all necessary files through a git repository, which we have to pull each time and copy over to a local file. I wrote this script with the intention of automating the process so that everyday, all I need to do is invoke this script and voila, get all the necessary files to start working for the day. The script only copies the assignment folders from the repo over to the local files, avoiding unnecesary (and quite large) lecture slide folders and miscellaneous files. Furthermore, I added a functionality which recursively summarizes all the content that was created or updated during the scripts call, if any.
* createSuiteFile: For testing software, we use suite files that contains the name of each test. Personally, I test my programs with tests with a certain common prefix, followed by a numbering starting from 1, reaching potentially as high as 40 such tests. The createSuiteFile script simply writes up such a suite file automatically so that I don't have to potentially write out 40 similar test names.
* autoValgrind: Some programs, particularly C or C++ programs, deal with dynamic memory allocation which would require a software tool like Valgrind to check memory leaks or errors. Since I am already using a test suite for testing, I can use the suite file to invoke Valgrind for certain tests which I think are buggy. That is where this script comes in. Ideally, simply calling Valgrind in command line would be simpler. But this script allows for me to check for Valgrind errors for all the tests, making it possibly ideal for a last-minute memory check.
